Update schema docs to include information about OCI registries for helm charts (#1464)
defenseunicorns/zarf: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Documentation

### Updating Our Documentation

> Our documentation is auto-generated from the [Zarf package schema definition](https://github.com/defenseunicorns/zarf/blob/main/zarf.schema.json), so when an update is made you will need to run `make docs-and-schema` locally to regenerate the schema and documentation. CI checks if this was ran, and will fail if it wasn't.

Reviewer: Technically there is more going on there.  Not a huge deal but this would be more accurate to say:

```suggestion
Our documentation is auto-generated from the `src/types` and `src/cmd` go packages.  This includes the [Zarf package jsonschema](https://github.com/defenseunicorns/zarf/blob/main/zarf.schema.json), the [Zarf schema docs](https://docs.zarf.dev/docs/user-guide/zarf-schema), the [Zarf CLI docs](https://docs.zarf.dev/docs/user-guide/the-zarf-cli/), and our [front-end API types](https://github.com/defenseunicorns/zarf/blob/main/src/ui/lib/api-types.ts).   When an update to types or the CLI commands is made you will need to run `make docs-and-schema` locally to regenerate the schema and documentation. CI checks if this was ran, and will fail if it wasn't.
```

Author: Changes made
